---
title: About Zhenghua
permalink: /about/about-zhenghua/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<h1>Welcome to Zhenghua!</h1><p>We are here to bring our community together, providing vital opportunities for all our residents to connect with one another and foster a sense of belonging.</p><p>Our dedicated team of volunteers organise a range of activities and initiatives year-round, bringing neighbours together and creating a close-knit community.</p><p></p><h4>Zhenghua CC is upgrading to serve you better!</h4><p>Watch this video to find out more:</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="360" width="640" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/892979622?badge=0&amp;autopause=0&amp;player_id=0&amp;app_id=58479"></iframe></div><p></p><h4>#ZhenghuaWhereWeBelong</h4><p>Zhenghua seeks to provide a better neighbourhood for our residents to live and play as one community, through our four key pillars below.</p><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Key Pillars</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Objectives</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>Culture</strong></p></li></ol></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Bring families of all walks of life together to appreciate and understand one another’s cultures through the various festive activities, strengthening community bonds. These include major festivals such as Chinese New Year, Hari Raya, Deepavali, Mid-Autumn Festival and National Day.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol start="2" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>Cares</strong></p></li></ol></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Provide care for our resource-low families and their children with various community initiatives such as Homework Mentorship Programme, Home Improvement Programme, Presentation of Festive Packs and Grocery Vouchers to integrate them as one Zhenghua family, leaving no one behind.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol start="3" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>Wellness</strong></p></li></ol></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Encourage active ageing and mental wellbeing initiatives, helping our residents remain mentally, physically and socially active.&nbsp; For example, Lean On Me is a GRC-level initiative led by Zhenghua to jointly engage caregivers and youth in their journey to improve their mental well-being.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ol start="4" data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><strong>Green</strong></p></li></ol></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Support sustainability initiatives, with the inclusion of green infrastructure where possible, to advance Singapore’s national agenda on sustainable development under Singapore Green Plan 2030.&nbsp; For example, Zhenghua Food Rescue takes place every 1st, 2nd 3rd and 4th Saturday of the month in an effort to reduce food wastage in the community.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>